src/content/blog/sun-city.md, before:

---
title: "Sun City Aviation Academy"
description: "A flight school in Miami, FL reaching over $1M in revenue in less than a year"
pubDate: "Aug 24 2023"
heroImage: "/sun-city-logo.webp"
tags: ["flight schools", "clients"]
---

Blog updated: August 18, 2024

Sun City Aviation Academy is one of the flight schools I am most proud of.  I met Georgette, one of the owners of Sun City Aviation Academy, at the end of FSANA (Flight School Association of North America).  Most of the other exhibitors had already packed up and left.  We also mostly packed up already, but I decided to wait it out to the very end and greet people as they left the conference.

We were very fortunate to be positioned right by the entrance of the main hall so every attendee passed by our table as they came or went.  When Georgette passed by, I waved hello and greeted her.  She had a keen interest in our marketing services.  She and her husband, Luke, had started a flight school in North Perry Airport (KHWO) located in Pembroke Pines which is a small municipality within the greater south Florida Miami area.

They had been running their business for a little less than a year and were getting frustrated as their phone did ring as often as they liked.  I offered the [FSMS Checklist](https://rightruddermarketing.com/flight-school-marketing-checklist) to her which is a one page comprehensive checklist of marketing items that they could do on their own.  Regardless of whether they were trying to work with Right Rudder Marketing, I wanted to provide the knowledge and expertise of Right Rudder Marketing to help their flight school.

> I think being genuine and really trying to help flight school owners is what matter the most. We're all trying to better the aviation industry and train more pilots.

A few months later, after some negotiations and back and forth, they decided to partner with Right Rudder Marketing to help their flight school.  It was a close call.  Another flight school in the same airport, Atlantis Aviation, had also reached out for help with marketing and we only work with one school in the immediate area for territory exclusivity as it's a conflict of interest.  And it was for the best.  We became partners in running and scaling the Sun City Aviation Academy flight school business and we gradually became one of the most dominant forces in the airport.  Atlantis unfortunately closed their doors earlier this year and went out of business.

It was a lot of work to get them going.  Their flight school was in a very competitive area and besides Atlantis, there were many other flight schools vying for the top spot.  Sun City Aviation was at the very bottom of search and didn't come up in the maps unless you scrolled pages down to find them.

The FSMS is based on a multifaceted approach to get to the top spot.  There's no single silver bullet that can get a business on top.  We combined a well designed website with great SEO and we coupled that with a Google Ads campaign.  

While Google Ads does provide somewhat of an instant boost in inquiries and form submissions, having a great organic presence online keeps you on top.  They also did their part.  They held events and ran [youth programs](https://suncityaviation.com/youth-aviation-programs).  They [partnered with Civil Air Patrol](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/sun-city-aviation-academy-partners-with-civil-air-patrol-to-host-their-weekly-meetings-and-events), they [hosted the AOPA Rusty Pilot Seminar](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/sun-city-aviation-hosts-aopa-s-2024-rusty-pilots-seminar), and this year they are the host for the [Women in Aviation Girl's Day](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/announcing-sun-city-aviation-s-girls-in-aviation-day-and-pilot-provisions-shop-opening).  

All of this was not done in vain.  Earlier this year, they expanded their fleet and were able to purchase a new [Beechcraft Dutchess](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/sun-city-aviation-welcomes-a-new-beechcraft-duchess-to-its-fleet) to add to their multi-engine fleet.  In addition, back in July they had their highest revenue earning month and surpassed $1,000,000 in annual revenue.

I am so proud of the team at Sun City and also the Right Rudder Marketing team for making all of this a reality.  Not only are they on the top for organic search, their reputation is growing every day.  As of August 2024, they have over 40 5-star review which is a great leap from when they started with just around 10 back in 2023.

![Sun City Google Business Profile August 2024](/sun-city-gmb.png)
*Sun City Google Business Profile August 2024*

Commit message:

finish up sun city post

src/content/blog/sun-city.md, after:

---
title: "Sun City Aviation Academy"
description: "A flight school in Miami, FL reaching over $1M in revenue in less than a year."
pubDate: "Aug 24 2023"
heroImage: "/sun-city-logo.webp"
tags: ["flight schools", "clients"]
---

Blog updated: August 18, 2024

Sun City Aviation Academy is one of the flight schools I am most proud of.  I met Georgette, one of the owners of Sun City Aviation Academy, at the end of FSANA (Flight School Association of North America).  Most of the other exhibitors had already packed up and left.  We also mostly packed up already, but I decided to wait it out to the very end and greet people as they left the conference.

We were very fortunate to be positioned right by the entrance of the main hall so every attendee passed by our table as they came or went.  When Georgette passed by, I waved hello and greeted her.  She had a keen interest in our marketing services.  She and her husband, Luke, had started a flight school in North Perry Airport (KHWO) located in Pembroke Pines which is a small municipality within the greater south Florida Miami area.

They had been running their business for a little less than a year and were getting frustrated as their phone did ring as often as they liked.  I offered the [FSMS Checklist](https://rightruddermarketing.com/flight-school-marketing-checklist) to her which is a one page comprehensive checklist of marketing items that they could do on their own.  Regardless of whether they were trying to work with Right Rudder Marketing, I wanted to provide the knowledge and expertise of Right Rudder Marketing to help their flight school.

> I think being genuine and really trying to help flight school owners is what matter the most. We're all trying to better the aviation industry and train more pilots.

A few months later, after some negotiations and back and forth, they decided to partner with Right Rudder Marketing to help their flight school.  It was a close call.  Another flight school in the same airport, Atlantis Aviation, had also reached out for help with marketing and we only work with one school in the immediate area for territory exclusivity as it's a conflict of interest.  And it was for the best.  We became partners in running and scaling the Sun City Aviation Academy flight school business and we gradually became one of the most dominant forces in the airport.  Atlantis unfortunately closed their doors earlier this year and went out of business.

It was a lot of work to get them going.  Their flight school was in a very competitive area and besides Atlantis, there were many other flight schools vying for the top spot.  Sun City Aviation was at the very bottom of search and didn't come up in the maps unless you scrolled pages down to find them.

The [FSMS](https://rightruddermarketing.com/marketing-system) is based on a multifaceted approach to get to the top spot.  There's no single silver bullet that can get a business on top.  We combined a well designed website with great SEO and we coupled that with a Google Ads campaign.  

While Google Ads does provide somewhat of an instant boost in inquiries and form submissions, having a great organic presence online keeps you on top.  They also did their part.  They held events and ran [youth programs](https://suncityaviation.com/youth-aviation-programs).  They [partnered with Civil Air Patrol](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/sun-city-aviation-academy-partners-with-civil-air-patrol-to-host-their-weekly-meetings-and-events), they [hosted the AOPA Rusty Pilot Seminar](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/sun-city-aviation-hosts-aopa-s-2024-rusty-pilots-seminar), and this year they are the host for the [Women in Aviation Girl's Day](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/announcing-sun-city-aviation-s-girls-in-aviation-day-and-pilot-provisions-shop-opening).  

All of this was not done in vain.  Earlier this year, they expanded their fleet and were able to purchase a new [Beechcraft Dutchess](https://suncityaviation.com/posts/sun-city-aviation-welcomes-a-new-beechcraft-duchess-to-its-fleet) to add to their multi-engine fleet.  In addition, back in July they had their highest revenue earning month and surpassed $1,000,000 in annual revenue.

I am so proud of the team at Sun City and also the Right Rudder Marketing team for making all of this a reality.  Not only are they on the top for organic search, their reputation is growing every day.  As of August 2024, they have over 40 5-star review which is a great leap from when they started with just around 10 back in 2023.

![Sun City Google Business Profile August 2024](/sun-city-gmb.png)
*Sun City Google Business Profile August 2024*

I can't wait to see them continue to become the best flight school in Miami and train the next generation of pilots.  They have a lot coming up in store for them.  They are getting their Part 141 Certificate pretty soon, which will then lead to them being able to train international students and GI Bill military transition pilots as well.  Can't wait to see their progress in the upcoming months and years!

![Right Rudder Marketing team with Sun City Aviation Academy team at FSANA 2024](/right-rudder-team-with-sun-city.jpg)
*Right Rudder Marketing team with Sun City Aviation Academy team at FSANA 2024*

![Sun City Aviation Academy website screenshot](/sun-city-screenshot.png)
*Sun City Aviation Academy website screenshot*
